UA Site Manager - D8
====================

The University of Adelaide project.

## Requirements

* Vagrant 1.6+ (+ Plugins) - http://docs.vagrantup.com/v2/installation
* Virtualbox - https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads

**Install Vagrant plugins**

Run the following via the command line:

```bash
# Virtualbox support.
$ vagrant plugin install vagrant-vbguest

# Automatically assigns an IP address.
$ vagrant plugin install vagrant-auto_network

# Adds "/etc/hosts" (local DNS) records.
$ vagrant plugin install vagrant-hostsupdater
```

## Getting started

**1) Start the VM.**

```bash
$ vagrant up
```

All commands from here are to be run within the VM. This can be done via the command:

```bash
$ vagrant ssh
```

This will take you to the root of the project **inside** of the vm.

**2) Pull down the dependencies**

```bash
$ composer install --prefer-dist --dev
```

**2.5) Fix config**

```bash
$ sudo sed -i 's/64/64M/' /etc/php5/cli/conf.d/20-apcu.ini 
```

**3) Build the project**

```bash
$ robo build
```

For a list of tasks that can be run:

```bash
$ robo -l
```

**4) Go to the site**

The site can be found on the domain:

```
http://ua-sm.dev
```

## Updating VM

If a new version of the Vagrant box is available you can run the following:
```
  $ vagrant box remove ua-sm-lamp
  $ vagrant destroy -f && vagrant up
```

For more information details please see:

https://github.com/previousnext/ua-dev#updating

## Deploy

**Note: These commands are also covered in the .pnxci.yml file**

### Setup

* Bundler is used to install ruby gems.
* Capistrano (Ruby Gem) is leveraged for deployments.

```bash
$ bundle install --path vendor/bundle
```


For front-end development and generating the styleguide, we use Gulp which
requires Node.js.

Download Node.js (e.g. via homebrew) or directly via https://nodejs.org/download/

To install required node modules:

```bash
$ npm install
```

### Setting up the Styleguide

To setup the styleguide link and generate the styleguide locally run:

```bash
$ robo styleguide:link
$ robo generate
```

### Compiling CSS and Styleguide

To compile CSS and build the styleguide run:

```bash
$ gulp
```

The styleguide is generated into the /styleguide directory. Open the index.html
to see it.

To see a list of gulp commands, type:

```bash
$ gulp -T
```

### Deploy QA

```bash
$ bundle exec cap dev deploy
```

### Deploy Staging

```bash
$ bundle exec cap staging deploy
```

## Anatomy of the project

### Directories

* **app** - This is the build artefact generated by the Phing build system. This gets delete on each run.
* **bin** - The tools installed by Composer and other technologies. You can access these tools globally within the Vagrant machine.
* **build** - Testing artefacts eg. PHPCS reporting.
* **modules** - Custom modules. These get symlinked into the **app** directory.
* **themes** - Custom themes. These get symlinked into the **app** directory.
* **vendor** - This is the code that goes along with the **bin** directories tools.

### Files

* **.pnxci.yml** - The CI and CD build system file. This file gets run at the time for testing and deployment.
* **build.xml** - The Phing build file. This declares all the build steps for the project.
* **composer.json** - Project dependencies.
* **provision.sh** - Additional steps that can be taken to provision the Vagrant VM.
* **ua.make** - The projects Drush make file. This locks in versions (especially Drupal core).
* **Vagrantfile** - The Vagrant VM's configuration.
